You fools
Open your eyes and take a good look
It's not just a pattern.
It's also Miss Jiang's fingerprints, that's right
And now I can put my fingerprints
Step down
Compare with each other.
It took a long time
Someone has been copying someone else's work since three years ago
And the face is raking here
Take someone else's design to the competition
And get an award
Aren't you ashamed?
More than 20 years
You just said that according to the rules of the game
Plagiarists don't have to be here
But it turns out
You are the plagiarist
You see
Did you walk out of there by yourself?
Or am I annoying?
It's designed to complement each other.
There are similarities, but I can't say anything.
The eldest is the youngest
worthy of yourself
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the overlords of design
The winning points of this competition are
Miss Manager
Then this money is not available to my users.
Miss Chen Zongjiang is really outstanding
Why don't you hurry up and marry your wife?
Use your words
That's right.
Help me investigate
The weak white design
What is between you?
What's that?
Congratulations!